honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ?
a committee selection was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I expected the committee admits that it does not really know what to do with the Senate independent .
that will not strike so much for a moment .
the committee selection can show some impact .
in the business which strikes a senator over the next two years .
it is a committee important as , supposedly , this new Senate actually in its committees sitting some senators .
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday to note that one of the new Senate not attend .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you can see so that I am nice , did he not ?
the Senate will have their own findings to find that had been fault .
when an individual accepts an work , it must to do .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the meetings that held on to the committee of veterans in February 1998 .
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons are sitting in the time .
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women .
the leadership of the Senate could not get a person to the committee .
i could cite , word by word , what the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I put .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that she had written to the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
shall delegations at that time was formées only from men .
in this regard , on it has been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I expect want the opportunity to enter my association preferred .
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be ruling in regard to these two reports .
each time that the Senate is verdict on television .
or wondered by a group of students , from journalists or any .
that if we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended .
we are not member of Parliament which we say in the corridors :
" Présentez how much at committee today , after two years of education , there will be voted final in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , they stand out when their leaders stand to them .
they do not know no what happened .
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " dedication " is the way in our today .
over the next two weeks , starting to look at the way we will address the Senate independent .
if we are the are not , I créerai my own such as parliamentarians who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we will try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator are wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure of honourable senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
well .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
